do you want more leads and more revenue
through your website without having to
spend more on seo
ads and marketing hey i'm sam dunning
co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com and
host of business growth show podcast
and today we're gonna be sharing with
you exactly how to do that
so first of all we need to build a list
and we need basically to compile
a really detailed list of all the
questions
that we get asked each and every day by
our prospective customers and our
existing customers
so we don't just want to put anything we
want to put the questions that we get
each and every week if you've got a team
then get your sales people together
because they're going to have the intel
here or if you run the business yourself
then you're going to know these answers
so if i use us as an example over at
webchoiceuk.com
most weeks will get asked questions like
how long does it take to get page one of
google
um how do we build a website that
generates leads
what is the best best platform to build
websites on so these common questions
that we get
think of those perhaps you provide crm
solutions so perhaps you're getting
questions like
how do we link up google suite into
hubspot crm
or what's the best crm for small
business so think of these questions
that your customers are literally coming
to you with
each and every week not just ones that
get occasionally asked but ones that
they're constantly constantly asking so
you know there's demand
around these queries and build a list
packed full
of all these common questions and get
the help of your team if you need
once you have got your list of these
questions we know there's demand for
you need to create a long form piece of
content and this is going to act as a
pillar
piece of content that we can then
repurpose which we'll talk about
in a second so that could be a video
or podcast just like i am explaining to
you now
or it could be a long form article and
we want to make this as detailed and as
helpful as possible
if you want ideas what you can do is do
a quick google search of some of the
questions
that you're looking at there might be
some content there um and it might say
look here's
here's a few bullet points on how to do
it or perhaps here's a video explainer
and essentially you want to take nuggets
from there but add to it so make it as
detailed as possible
but beat the competition that's already
ranking on google so if they've done a
blog
great make yours more useful make
yourself more valuable perhaps you want
to add a video perhaps you want to add
infographics so
add value on to what's there already or
there's nothing there obviously make it
as value-packed as we possibly can
for this long-form article video
or podcast once you have put this
together
the next stage is to repurpose it
so let's say you've got a long-form
piece of video content just like i'm
explaining now
we can then take the golden nuggets so
the key valuable tips and takeaways
and repurpose that into a blog article
which can go on a website an infographic
so image breakdown of how the process
how the system works
um or perhaps we want to add a page to
our frequently asked questions
section on our website so all of these
things that we're not just doing it for
the sake of doing it they're going to be
picked up by google and they're going to
be useful bits of information
for when people are searching with these
exact queries
what you can do as well is if you are
targeting certain search terms that you
want to be found
for on google you can weave those in we
don't want to stuff keywords in
anywhere though we're going to make sure
they're actually highly relevant
to the piece of content so if there is
an article that is a frequently asked
question page
we going to make sure they're actually
relevant to the subject the conversation
that you're talking about
and ultimately if this piece of content
is genuinely useful if you are sharing
tips if you are giving away
a range of different angles on how
people can attack this question and
ultimately being as useful as possible
then google's going to find this as a
great piece of content
and it's going to start to get ranked
when people are actually searching for
it
not only that but you're going to have a
happy sales team or if you run your
business
you're going to have a lot less stress
because each time people ask you these
questions
you don't have to spend five minutes
explaining all the answers
you can say no worries i've got the
useful this useful
resource take a look at this page on our
website i'll take a look at this video
this article
it's going to tell you all you need and
more not only that though
there is a statistic that shows that
many many website visitors that actually
go on to your site
never get in touch so i think it's
almost around 98
of people that go on your site will
never ever inquire but if you've got
useful information
that answers their questions that they
might never reach out to you on
it's going to put you top of mind
because you've helped them out
you've answered what they wanted to know
so when the time comes that they are
read
ready to discuss a project by your
product by your service you're going to
be the one
they reach out to because you help them
and you're top of mind
feeding them useful content so when they
are ready to take action
you are the one that they use so i hope
this
episode has been useful as always
any feedbacks appreciated and do hit
subscribe
with that we'll catch you on the next
episode cheers